[v0.0.7-beta] Implement Skill Entity, Fixture (#9)
MohamedNiaissa/CareerProjectSymfony: migrations/README.md

## Basic commands

```bash

> $ symfony console d:d:c #Connect to the database, load DATABASE_URL from .env.local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ symfony console d:d:c #Create the database, load DATABASE_URL from .env.local
```
